# LLM-Chain:Adversarial Generation Method for Smart Contract Fuzz Testing Seeds Guided by Chain-Based LLM
With the rapid development of smart contract technology and the continuous
 expansion of blockchain application scenarios, the security issues of smart
contracts have garnered signiffcant attention. However, traditional fuzz testing
typically relies on randomly generated initial seed sets. This random generation
method fails to understand the semantics of smart contracts, resulting in insufffcient
 seed coverage. Additionally, traditional fuzz testing often ignores the syntax
and semantic constraints within smart contracts, leading to the generation of
seeds that may not conform to the syntactic rules of the contracts and may even
include logic that violates contract semantics, thereby reducing the efffciency of
1fuzz testing. To address these challenges, we propose a method for adversarial
generation for smart contract fuzz testing seeds guided by Chain-Based LLM,
leveraging the deep semantic understanding capabilities of LLM to assist in seed
set generation. Firstly, we propose a method that utilizes Chain-Based prompts
to request LLM to generate fuzz testing seeds, breaking down the LLM tasks
into multiple steps to gradually guide the LLM in generating high-coverage seed
sets. Secondly, by establishing adversarial roles for the LLM, we guide the LLM
to autonomously generate and optimize seed sets, producing high-coverage initial
seed sets for the program under test. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed
method, 2308 smart contracts were crawled from Etherscan for experimental
purposes. Results indicate that using Chain-Based prompts to request LLM to
generate fuzz testing seed sets improved instruction coverage by 2.94% compared
to single-step requests. The method of generating seed sets by establishing adversarial
 roles for the LLM reduced the time to reach maximum instruction coverage
from 60 seconds to approximately 30 seconds compared to single-role methods.
Additionally, the seed sets generated by the proposed method can directly trigger
simple types of vulnerabilities (e.g., timestamp dependency and block number
dependency vulnerabilities), with instruction coverage improvements of 3.8% and
4.1%, respectively.
Keywords: Fuzz Testing, Smart Contracts, LLM, Seed Set Generation, Prompts
